hey guys I've had a few different jobs
where I had to sign some kind of
non-disclosure agreement um in this case
I was working as a volunteer and I think
it was more implicitly understood that
you weren't supposed to talk about this
stuff publicly but you know I've seen a
lot of videos lately and in this really
kind of self-righteous
self-congratulatory way they'll put like
the 1-800 number for the suicide hotline
below their YouTube video or they tell
you oh you know what happened to Anthony
Bourdain can happen to anybody so make
sure you've got the suicide hotline and
we're ready to go on your phone like
have it on speed dial like this is some
kind of magic wand you can wave around
like you know somebody in your own life
the type of suicide what what do you
really think is gonna be on the other
end of that line well I can tell you
because I haven't eaten what's gonna be
there on the other end of the line is is
maybe some [ __ ] just like me someone
who doesn't know you and doesn't care
about you and can't appreciate you know
the struggles you're going through and
someone who definitely can't help you
with the actual problems you're having
the problems in your life that you're
trying to solve because if you're
suicidal
chances are you have real-world problems
you don't just need an attitude
adjustment and even if you do you're not
really gonna adjust your attitude by
calling up a complete stranger on the
phone they're like hey have a more
positive attitude oh I'll try that
thanks it's not gonna work franciene -
Bourdain it's not gonna work for you I
mean you you really imagine it would
have saved Anthony Bourdain's life if if
only he knew there was a suicide hotline
if only someone handed him the phone for
that priceless advice from a complete
stranger it is real easy to say get
professional help but for a lot of these
things there's there's no professional
so look guys I was I was on duty that
day I was on duty when Anthony
called up to get help and you know I
mean I was having a bad day myself like
I gotta come in as a volunteer and like
they used to have free coffee but then
they got rid of the coffee machine so
they don't even pay me to be there and
I'm expected to like buy you know decaf
at Starbucks cuz I only drink decaf so
it's like in Canada like the cheapest
drink you can get us like two dollars
and 25 cents plus tax for like a decaf
double espresso and I'm like you know
and then I've got to sit there and
listen to one person after another
explain to me why they want to commit
suicide and I'm not even allowed to give
my own opinion I've got this like
photocopied playbook of different pieces
of advice you know if they say this do
that you know you're supposed to just
follow the script so there's really no
like empathy or compassion or sports
month mania and I get this guy calling
me up and the first thing he says is you
know you know hi this is this is Anthony
Bourdain and I'm like Anthony Bourdain
you know like I mean I understand his
life was hard but you know for one thing
I'm vegan and I'm hearing this it's like
this is someone who has repeatedly said
that I and all vegans should just go
ahead and commit suicide he said that on
TV a whole bunch of times he meant as a
jokes and as he mentioned as Bennett is
some kind of you know social criticism
what have you see you know anything is
I've gotta listen to this guy tell me
about how hard his life is he makes one
documentary after another showing him
living in constant luxury and
self-indulgence he's on permanent
vacation all the time you know he lives
for one three-course meal after another
just to sit there and pass judgment on
it have people pay him to talk about how
much he enjoys eating
he has no ethical compass whatsoever it
doesn't care of his eating salami
he doesn't care of his eating you know
a live snake yeah eat the heart out of a
live snake one time you know fertilized
pigeon eggs whatever this guy like
monkey brains just just to boast about
it on Twitter that that's his life and
I'm sitting here I've just spent the
last three hours listening to people
trying to talk them down out of slitting
their wrists or overdosing on you know
whatever it is they got in their
medicine cabinet overdose on you know my
life's awful I got all my strokes and
you really want to get on the phone with
me Anthony Bourdain and you want to tell
me how rough you've got it no I mean
it's not it's not my proudest moment I
mean I thought I wouldn't talk about it
like I say there's kind of a
non-disclosure agreement involved and
you know it's it's a it's a volunteer
position but yeah I mean you know
Anthony Bourdain he called the 1-800
number and you know I mean I I wouldn't
say that like I laughed in his face but
you know I I did laughs you know several
several times that what he was telling
me and I mean you know it just I gotta
say just started with him saying yeah
this this is Anthony Bourdain and that
and that he was was suicidal I don't
know I mean you know there are different
factors there I guess I just I just
couldn't take it that seriously or I
felt like I couldn't be that helpful to
someone you know someone who's
constantly boasting about his his own
life of luxury and and how awful the
lives of vegans are supposed to be and
now here you are you know calling up
this this 1-800 number now you know my
employer the the agency I think they do
have the the conversation on on tape and
I think you know based on what my
supervisor said I think they're not
gonna I think they're not gonna disclose
it publicly so you know exactly what I
said and what kind of tone I said it in
you know I guess I guess we'll never
know
but I mean as I remember you know I mean
toward the end of the the phone call it
got a bit you got a bit combative it got
to be but you know in the in the guide
book we have that that's actually a good
sign you can get someone from being
depressed to being angry at you that's
what I said to my supervisors look well
I made him angry that's good people are
actually less likely
to commit suicide you can get them from
being depressed and self-pitying to
being mad at you on the phone that's
that's like two points up on the on the
depression scale but you know I mean he
got angry at me and then I got angry at
him and you know I mean there were some
words along the lines of like well why
don't you just you know you know why
don't you just you know do it seeing as
you know you know you like eating salami
you hypocritical piece of [ __ ] you know
some some ports to that you know to that
effect so I mean look wasn't wasn't my
my best day the office but like I say if
you call up any of these these 1-800
numbers you know looking for help what
you're gonna get is an unpaid you know
volunteer who you know I mean fills out
an application form and you know maybe
they have some credentials maybe they
have a background in Social Work
I got inks have a you know degree in
political science said background in you
know different kinds of humanitarian
work and volunteering they thought
they'd give me a shot um but you know we
can't help you you know we can't and I
mean you know I don't know looking back
on it I wouldn't give myself uh you know
a zero out of ten like you know you
could say I was kind of giving him like
you know tough love